[Doc] Created more detailed README.md (#843)
ezsystems/ezplatform-admin-ui: README.md

# eZ Platform Admin UI

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/ezsystems/ezplatform-admin-ui.svg?style=flat-square&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ezsystems/ezplatform-admin-ui)
[![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ezsystems/ezplatform-admin-ui.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-admin-ui/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ezsystems/ezplatform-admin-ui.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

This repository is dedicated to the eZ Platform Admin UI Bundle, which contains all the necessary
parts to run the [eZ&nbsp;Platform](https://www.ezplatform.com/) administration interface (a.k.a. "back office").

## Installation

> This package is a part of the [eZ Platform](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is a part of [eZ Platform](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform).
```

> Please see [the online docs](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/install_using_composer/) for the installation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see [the online docs](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/install_ez_platform/) for the installation instructions.
```
